I really hope you read this because Its a weekend which means we probably wont be able to schedule a meeting before the assignment due dates theres a bit I need to say.

Firstly, on the topic of this submission, I would like to justify some of my decisions. if you dont care about that and don't want to read this please read the other 2 topics becasue they are much more important.
1. the button to activate the form is purely for visuals and the gag where Bocchi seems confused about what you are doing. There is no reason that this should count against my grade.
2. Nowhere in the rubric does it say the palendrome checker has to remain functional during and after the form submission. I decided to disable it intentionally, this is not a bug.
3. We are forced to use the same html file from the last assignment, so even if you think I "did not code anything related to the requirements" for the last assignment, the code still works exactly how I intended it to and the only thing that should matter about it is whether or not my implementation of the account creation broke it.


Second, on the topic of 3.1, I would like to restate what I said in the comment because you haven't read the other comment I wrote over a week ago. 
I thought maybe you were confused about my submission so I cleaned up the repository and removed unnecassary files. Please go back and review assignment 3.1 again. if you are getting lost inside of the code.js file, you can use the regions that I set up to help navigate. the regions titled Strings Code and 3.1 code should be what you are looking for, as well as the initializsStrings function inside the Initialization functions region.
If you really arent lost or confused, then I just don't understand how you could grade my assignment a 0. My code works perfectly fine, it allows the user to enter text and checks whether or not it is a palendrome. In fact, I would say that it is much more in depth than the assignment directions requested because it keeps a full log of all the messages sent and whether or not they were palendromes, as well as a lot of other things. If you really think that my code just isn't sufficient then I would say we really need to have a meeting so you can explain to me what you want because I'm doing what the assignment and rubrics are asking from me. I thought maybe you wanted me to use the alert boxes like I saw you doing in the live lesson so I made sure to use them in 3.2 so that you would know that I know how to use them.

finally, I REALLY need you to grade assignment 2.2.
you requested that I comment the github repo link under the assignment like you did and I did so literally the same day. at this point its been a week and I have a 0 on a 100 point assignment. if you think my submission is actually worth a 0 then you needed to communicate that to me somehow, like through an additional comment so that I could potentially fix the assignment before the due date or at least know what is going on.
Also I would like to make it clear that my game is NOT guess a number. Its a timing based minigame where the player has to push the button when the two numbers are equal to eachother, it might not be exactly what you were expecting but I think skill based minigame is more fun then some gambling simulator where you just read text in your browser, and random numbers are still involved.